told again to
flee these displaced Palestinians say
they were forced to abandon their first
attempt to leave Kan Yunis when Israeli
forces opened fire in the
area military Flyers had ordered them to
go to Rafa so they're heading south but
no full well there's no guarantee
they'll be
safe we have been walking in the rain
and cold with 13 other people most of
them are children look at this Child is
This what Netanyahu wants we are
civilians with no involvement in the war
we want to eat drink and have somewhere
to shelter there aren't even tents
here at recently established Israeli
checkpoints on the road South
Palestinians face possible detention as
well as abuse and humiliation they say
ihab Huna is unsure of his son's
fate I go back and forth every two hours
to check on him my son did nothing why
did they arrest him they tell us to
leave so they can arrest our sons who
will take responsibility for this once
in Rafa A desperate situation
awaits at least 1.7 million Palestinians
have been displaced during the war
either by Israeli evacuation orders or
its Relentless bombing campaign now most
of them are here in Rafa the UN has
described Israel's massive uation orders
as chaotic and ineffective thousands of
Palestinians are sleeping in tents if
they can find
one I spent 3 days walking on the
streets and when I arrived I couldn't
find shelter no tents I couldn't find
anything I spent the night on the street
in the pouring rain Without Shelter I
have orphans with me children who don't
have a father or mother Fierce fighting
is forc them to the southernmost tip of
the Gaza
Strip Beyond those walls lies
Egypt and to the east the Mediterranean
Sea there is nowhere left to
go but despite that many remain
defiant I miss our country even if the
war ends we want to return to our homes
and if they're destroyed we will live in
a
tent terrified and
traumatized Palestinians are being
pushed into ever smaller pockets of land
facing indignity and
humiliation every step of the way Mike
Lael El
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer